Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/3 Methods/refreshAIColumn(columnName).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Refreshes the values of an AI column.

##### param(columnName): String
The AI column name.

---

> This method sends a request to the {WidgetName} [aiIntegration]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#aiIntegration) to refresh AI column values.

Reviewer: I don't think we should use the phrase "send requests to aiIntegration". The request goes to the service that is specified in those integration options. If the property name would be aiService, then I would be fine with such use. But now it sounds weird. 

```suggestion
This method requests new values from the AI Service specified by {WidgetName} [aiIntegration]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#aiIntegration) settings.
```
